Authentication Methods Policies API doc updates (#9924)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md

---
title: "passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration resource type"

> description: "A representation of a Passwordless Phone Sign-in with Microsoft Authenticator Authentication Methods policy."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a Passwordless Phone Sign-in with Microsoft Authenticator Authentication Methods policy."
```

author: "mmcla"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A representation of a Passwordless Phone Sign-in with Microsoft Authenticator Authentication Methods policy. Authentication Methods policies define configuration settings and users or groups that are enabled to use the authentication method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a Passwordless Phone Sign-in with Microsoft Authenticator authentication methods policy. Authentication methods policies define configuration settings and users or groups that are enabled to use the authentication method.
```

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get](../api/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration-get.md)|[passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../resources/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object.|
|[Update](../api/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration-update.md)|[passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../resources/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md)|Update the properties of a passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object.|

> |[Delete](../api/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodconfiguration-delete.md)|None|Returns the passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object to its default configuration.|

Reviewer: Please consider revising the description for Delete.

Author: Done

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The authentication method policy identifier.|
|state|authenticationMethodState|Possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |includeTargets|[passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodTarget](../resources/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodtarget.md) collection|A collection of users or groups that are enabled to use the authentication method.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|includeTargets|[passwordlessMicrosoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodTarget](../resources/passwordlessmicrosoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethodtarget.md) collection|A collection of users or groups who are enabled to use the authentication method.|
```
